hi I'm Bridget Palmer whether you're a
fresh foodie or fresh talent show time
is go time so I've invited the X
Factor's Luke Jacobs to help create
fresh recipes that are simple and
delicious today we're doing a really
beautiful chicken pad thai so easy fresh
and quick to cook when I think of Thai
food I think of pad thai pad thai I
absolutely love it we're gonna use macro
chicken breasts Phillips but we're also
gonna need select soy sauce select fish
sauce select hot chili sauce fresh
garlic chilli ginger spring onion
shallots capsicum and lime click here
for the full recipe and to add all the
ingredients to your trolley when you
shop online how do you manage to stay on
top of your game working on The X Factor
fresh food is the main ingredient I mean
I've got to be on the top of my game the
whole time because we're life so when
it's Showtime it's go time
oh yeah well if you can get onto the
noodles I'm gonna start prepping the
chicken some boiling water over these
noodles slicer chicken breasts in half
down the middle and then I'm gonna do a
lovely thin slice we want this chicken
to cook very quickly and evenly as well
we want to get all our prep organized so
that once we start cooking it's done in
five minutes you cook a lot at home I
love cooking I love my kitchen it's my
safe haven and I often do my own cooking
shows in my kitchen ganache is my dog
there I still got still cook for my dog
you know telling him what I'm doing to
this chicken add half a tablespoon of
soy sauce that's gonna give it the
lovely salty flavor give this a little
mix look would you slice a whole red
capsicum into strips that would be great
and I'm gonna prep garlic chili and some
fresh ginger love when you come back a
cheese smell its shadow a beautiful red
capsicum czar the sweetest variety and
available all year round when selecting
look for a bright smooth skin with no
wrinkles or soft spots and they'll last
up to a week in your veggie crisper
that's some really nice stir-fry sighs
driptip and three spring onions on a
diagonal
are you wonderful just cut off the route
you just work your way up
Hey look what are some of your most
memorable moments from the x-factor I
met Beyonce I love Beyonce walked into
the room and you could feel the energy
was just unbelievable
fantastic Luke I've got a little trick
for my ginger you just get a tea spoon
and you can just scrape it down and the
skin comes straight off
how easy is that I usually struggle with
the video great about a three centimeter
piece of ginger slice large red chilli
and garlic well I've got these all
prepped we are ready to make our sauce
so what you need is a balance of salty
sweet sour and spicy so for my salty add
three tablespoons of soy sauce entry
tablespoons of fish sauce okay my spring
onions are done are beautiful thank you
so for my sweet brown sugar about two
tablespoons and our sour level of flavor
to our sauce about half a tablespoon of
tamarind puree I don't know what that is
Tamron comes from a seed from a tree a
sour is it can't taste it oh yeah sure
it's not too sour it's lovely actually
isn't it no all right gonna fire that
walk-up now a spice factor hot chilli
sauce 1 tablespoon all about the spice
factor all right this works nice and hot
we're ready to call 2 tablespoons of
vegetable oil and if you wouldn't mind
giving that a swirl around fantastic
thank you Luke
add garlic add chilli and our ginger why
do we put them in turn they have the
biggest body of flavor so they're gonna
be the base of our Pad Thai dear close
off for about a minute just till you can
smell I'm sorry guys Rennell yeah hide
this chicken in or just keep it moving
and we're gonna cook that for about
three to four minutes I'm just lightly
beating two eggs
I'll go refresh the noodles yep
I'll stay here I'll stir if you do end
up drying it at home leave a comment
below and let me know how it went or
that is looking good just starting to
brown up to got our red capsicum now so
they don't cook too long and they have a
beautiful crunch line for the egg now it
is time for the egg okay a little tip a
lot to do with the egg Raavan is using
another pan cuts it over the side
scramble it and then you can fold it
through the mix I like the way you work
look beautiful
that looks great we're ready to add the
noodles in as you do that look at half
the pad thai sauce adding fresh bean
shoots we turn the heat off so we're
just gonna fold these through so they
keep their crunch half of our chopped
roasted peanuts yep half of these very
beautifully sliced spring a nice you're
not it actually makes a nice tang to
yourself
very lasting a lot yes you need to have
a wedge of lime don't you we're ready to
plate up pop on some extra spring onions
few more peanuts and a wedge of lime in
30 minutes um loads that looks so good
beautiful spicy fresh chicken pad thai
all ingredients can be purchased at your
local Woolies and online by clicking
here to subscribe to our youtube channel
click here and to explore all our other
fresh idea recipes click here
you